# Mentor Meeting on 10/18/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/10/18/09:05**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/10/18/09:45**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Nicole, Mercedes, Kade

## Minute Recorder
Mercedes

## Topics Discussed

Design preparation for project, first iteration requirements, first DB layout, and advice. 
Client's client vs Metaclient vs Accountholder.
Kade is willing to recieve slack messages to help in any way in the project.

## Things Clarified

Functional and Nonfunctional were clarified, and to edit those
ask Trey and Scott about BitBucket
perhaps start with Docker sooner than later
