Mentor Meeting on 11/23/2021

Meeting Start Time: 
2021/11/23/1:00PM 

Meeting End Time: 
2021/11/23/2:00PM

Location/Medium: 
Zoom

Present: 
Nicole, Ben, Mercedes, Kade


Minute Recorder: 
Nicole

Topics Discussed: 
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  | warn: Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.Repositories.FileSystemXmlRepository[60]
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  |       Storing keys in a directory '/root/.aspnet/DataProtection-Keys' that may not be persisted outside of the container. Protected data will be unavailable when container is destroyed.
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  | warn: Microsoft.AspNetCore.DataProtection.KeyManagement.XmlKeyManager[35]
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  |       No XML encryptor configured. Key {511f457e-704e-4132-b5dd-797fc4521431} may be persisted to storage in unencrypted form.
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  | crit: Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel[0]
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  |       Unable to start Kestrel.
bsusecure-communications-signalrchat-1  | System.InvalidOperationException: Unable to configure HTTPS endpoint. No server certificate was specified, and the default developer certificate could not be found or is out of date.

Trying to figure out some running errors with Kade because the project isn't running on everyones laptops including Kade's 
His capstone group, Kade took over docker setup and when he had time he worked on features 
His group added testing in second iteration 
We will have to add features even if docker isn't setup 
Most important thing is getting exposure to the project and requirements 
Assign 1 person to docker 

Things Clarified: 
Kade will do some research on the errors and get back to us. We will reconnect after the holdiay. 
